# EJP Orion knowledge hub
## Inventories on public health surveillance, animal health surveillance, feed & food and literature
The ORION project aims at establishing and strengthening inter-institutional collaboration and transdisciplinary knowledge transfer in the area of surveillance data integration and interpretation, along the One Health (OH) objective of improving health and wellbeing. This will be achieved through an interdisciplinary collaboration of 13 veterinary and/or public health institutes from 7 European countries. These agencies are committed to adopt best practice One Health Surveillance (OHS) solutions (guidelines, methods, tools and knowledge). Specifically this project will create:
- an OH Surveillance Codex - The OHS Codex aims at establishing a high-level framework that supports mutual understanding and information exchange between OHS sectors, which are requisite for integrated OHS data analyses. To bring this framework into “action”, the OHS Codex postulates a set of four high-level principles as well as a description of resources (e.g. tools, technical solutions, guidance documents) and example implementations supporting the adoption of each OHS Codex principles.
- an OHS Knowledge Base - A cross-domain inventory of currently available data sources, methods / algorithms / tools, that support One Health surveillance data generation, data analysis, modelling and decision Support. The Input is the combined efforts of the One Health knowledge bases EPI, Integration and NGS
- an OHEJP Glossary - The glossary is a joint effort between JIP ORION, JIP COHESIVE and JRP NOVA. The OHEJP Glossary has 3 main functionalities. First the collection of One Health (OH) related terms and definitions in the sectors public health, animal health and food safety. Second, highlighting similarities and differences of terms and definitions between the sectors. Finally an infrastructure to reference, search and filter terms and definitions. https://aginfra.d4science.org/web/orionknowledgehub/catalogue

## The code will create a shiny app to explore the different inventories
